Pony, you have this headache again.
It's okay, it's old
Packaging and selling Shunyang Technology
How's it going?
Zhao Bingrui has agreed to sell the company as a package
The auction can be open tomorrow.
Now the company is leaderless
When this is done
I will propose to the directors
You will be the chairperson of the group, Xiao Ma
Du Chen is just a wife who takes the blame
Ignore him
What did the second young master give the eldest lady?
Did this trash eat the gall of an ambitious leopard?
How dare he take me to him immediately?
Finally, you are my woman honestly
Do you hear me?
Du Chen, what did you do for him?
Of course doing the right thing
Yang Xinyue
She's already my daughter.
Du Chen, you are so brave
Yang Xinyue is your sister-in-law
How dare you almost forget?
My dad also has a wife who has never been through
I was framed by Yang Xinyue
It's his idea behind the scenes
What? Don't you forget?
You are no longer in the Du Group.
Do I have to do something without reporting to you?
What do you mean?
Your father left you a consortium inheritance
You want to live
I have no interest in so-called chaebol assets
Because I can be a chaebol myself
Du Cheng, why do you have the face to talk nonsense here?
Without Du
You are not even as good as a dog on the street
How dare you follow me here?
What did you call me?
What nonsense did the bastard call me?
You fought
Dongchen, do you want to kill him?
Let go
I'll ask you again.
What do you call me?
elder brother
Second brother is good
The show has just begun
Let's play slowly this time